Tp53 cnv domain loss (#841)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/tp53_nf1_score/README.md

bash analyses/tp53_nf1_score/run_classifier.sh
```

### Order of analysis

`00-tp53-nf1-alterations.R` produces `TP53_NF1_snv_alteration.tsv`, which contains information about the presence or absence of coding SNVs in _TP53_ and _NF1_ for the purpose of evaluating the classifier results.
For evaluation purposes, a coding SNV 1) is found in a CDS region and 2) is not a silent mutation or in an intron as indicated by the `Variant_Classification` column of the consensus mutation file.
_NF1_ positive examples are additionally filtered to remove missense mutations, as these are not annotated with OncoKB ([#381 (comment)](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/pull/381#issuecomment-570748578)).

`01-apply-classifier.py` produces  `results/pbta-gene-expression-rsem-fpkm-collapsed.stranded_classifier_scores.tsv`  and `results/pbta-gene-expression-rsem-fpkm-collapsed.polya_classifier_scores.tsv`, which contains all 3 classifier scores for the stranded data and for shuffled stranded (e.g., random) data.

> `02-qc-rna_expression_score.Rmd` here expression of TP53 gene was compared to TP53 classifier score but we didn't find any correlation between TP53 expression is supported by tp53 inactivation score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`02-qc-rna_expression_score.Rmd` here expression of TP53 gene was compared to TP53 classifier score. We didn't find a strong correlation between TP53 expression and TP53 inactivation score, thus, expression and classifier score together cannot predict function.
```

> `03-tp53-cnv-loss-domain.Rmd` here copy_number of consensus CNV reginos overlapping TP53 were compared to TP53 classifier score. We find TP53<=1 is supported by higher TP53 classifier score so we only keep TP53 <= 1 as high confidence TP53 loss biospecimen list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`03-tp53-cnv-loss-domain.Rmd` here copy_number of regions overlapping TP53 functional domains were compared to TP53 classifier score. We find tumors with TP53 copies <=1 have higher TP53 classifier scores, so we only retain biospecimens with <= 1 copy TP53 as high confidence TP53 loss. 
```
